Before performing the low-pitched part, I will talk about the development part and the double-pitched part.
The second development part requires the most creative function of the composer.
In this part, the most insightful and special impression is maintained among the students of the school of music and dance.
This is explained by the development of the master, so the most urgent development is carried out in this part.
The length of the development part is almost the same as the length of the low-pitched part, but the conclusion is that the low-pitched part is not completely combined and immediately flows into the double-pitched part.
The most important thing to note in the conclusion of the development part is that the meaning of the conclusion of the development part is not the conclusion of the truth, but the reflection part, that is, the reflection part.
In the sense that it is the part that falls into the place where the low-pitched part is repeated, it must not use the normal limit of the length of the low-pitched part.
In other words, it is the part that falls into the place of the 6th note of the current note and makes the high-pitched part think, and then falls into the next note of the current note and immediately flows into the double-pitched part.
In the double-pitched part, the same thing is repeated as the low-pitched part, but in the double-pitched part, the point-chord joint in the low-pitched part is not necessary here, so it simply forms a mid-chord joint.
In addition, after the double-pitched part, there are many cases where the dominant sub-chord joint appears before the conclusion, and finally the conclusion is connected to the lower limit of the current note of the song, and the form of a
sub-chord joint is completed.
After that, the sub-chord joint is completed.
While always taking the shape of the first subject, the sub-chord joint develops more and more.
The sub-chord joint is completed.
The sub-chord joint, or the episode, is the part that is beautifully drawn, so many people think that this is the second one, but it is not.
This is a complete episode.
The second subject.
And then, the repetition.
That is the end.
The conclusion.
It is a very short sentence.
And then, the first subject is shown, and the sub-chord joint ends here.